Is something
wrong?
No.
It's all right.
I'm sorry I've put you
through all this.
If you hadn't met me,
you wouldn't be suffering all this pain.
But you are…
not doing this by choice.
If…
If you and I were
just ordinary people,
what would it have been like?
I probably…
would be singing at some music cafe.
Singing?
I wanted…
to become a musician like my dad.
Even after we were
kicked out to the coal town,
he would make songs
about flowers, wind, and love
and sing them to us.
Su-hui and I would sing along.
And I think that's what kept us smiling…
even in that cold, barren place.
So I also…
want to live
singing such songs to the people I love.
If…
you sing at a music cafe,
I'll go to that cafe every day…
Every single day,
whether it rains or snows.
I'd love to hear
you sing.
It's a shame
what happened to Director Eun.
But technically, your agent persuaded
my agent to betray us.
Your side is also to blame.
Look, Comrade Deputy Director.
Are you serious?
Your guy shot our ANSP director,
for God's sake!
This scheme is worth 300 million dollars,
but you sent some soon-to-be traitor!
And you blame us? Are you kidding me?
The hostage situation can't drag on
any longer, so we took special measures.
I sent him a message
that his sister will die if he doesn't
blow himself up
with the hostages by midnight.
So trust me and be patient.
By midnight today?
He may not the most loyal soldier,
but he's extremely devoted to his sister.
I'm sure he'll blow himself up.
So as soon as he does,
wire the 300 million dollars as promised.